Add reminder about cakephp 2 eol (#87)
cakephp/bakery.cakephp.org: 2021/10/02/cakephp_2_eol.rst

CakePHP 2.x End of Life
=======================

The CakePHP core team would like to remind users that CakePHP 2 reached
End of Life on June 15, 2021. This was after 6 months of security related support
and 18 months after the release of CakePHP 4.0.

> We understand there will be projects that choose to stay on CakePHP 2, but
> unfortunately, the core team cannot maintain this version any longer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We understand there will be projects that remain on CakePHP 2, but
unfortunately, the core team cannot maintain this version any longer.
```

I feel like the 'choose to remain' could be interpreted as an attack. Using remain feels more neutral to me.

CakePHP 3.x End of Life Extended
--------------------------------

We would also like to remind users that End of Life date for CakePHP 3.x was extended

> to help support users who have made the transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to help support users who have made the transition to 4.x.
```

Author: Well, this is talking about 3.x, so I'll put that.
